Israeli soldiers moving through the
besieged hospital complex searching room
by
room commanders say the operation is
targeting Hamas Fighters hiding inside
the hospital several people were
reported killed in the operation
including F ABD Al Hamas says he was a
key figure in gaza's police force
responsible for facilitating the safe
distribution of
Aid a number of civilians were killed in
the aftermath of Israeli air strikes
inside and outside the
hospital the Gaza Health Ministry says
many were suffocated while trying to
escape a fire that broke
out for God's sake I have nowhere to go
all my family were killed I have nowhere
to go for God's
sake where to go where to go thank God
thank you God thank you now and
then the siege of Al a hospital in
surrounding area by Israeli forces is
hampering rescue operations with many
teams unable to get
there thousands of Palestinians remain
trapped inside the
hospital journalists are being detained
and their equipment destroyed leading to
a reporting blackout Axel zovich Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz